# 01/21/2026

- An Introduction To Operating Systems
	A computer's functions and features can be broken down into three basic tasks all computers perform:
		Input
		Processing
		Output
	The functions above involve some type of computer hardware
		But the hardware is controlled and coordinated by the operating system (OS)

CPN
	operating system?
	IBM-based operating system
	Xerox made the decision
		they were the first in the desktop 
	An OS is a specialized computer program that provides the following features:
		User Interface
			the user interface provides a method for users to interact with the computer
		Storage Management
			the file system is a method by which an OS stores and organizes files and manages access to files
		Process and service management
			a process is a program that is loaded into memory and run by the CPI; a service is a type of process that runs in the background

An OS is a specialized computer program that provides the following features
	memory and I/O management
		the OS must determine if sufficient memory exists to load an application and where in memory it should be loaded
			the OS also ensures that I/O devices such as USB ports and video cards are accessed by only one process at a time
	security and resource protection
		OSs used on business systems provide methods for securing access to resources
	Kernel
		the kernel is the heart of the OS and runs with the highest priority


Operating System Categories
	Single-tasking versus mutlitasking
	single-user versus multiusers
	general-purpose versus real-time

Single-Tasking Versus Multitasking Operating Systems
	A single-tasking operating system can execute only a single process at a time
		Apple iOS 3 are examples
		An embedded system is a computing device designed for a specific task and uses a single-tasking OS
	A multitasking operating system quickly switches between all the processes that are loaded into memory
	There are two general types of multitasking
		cooperative multitasking
			the os gives cpu control to a process and waits for it to terminate or enter a waiting state
				if the program does not gives control back to the OS, it may hog the CPU until its operations are complete
				No other program can run until control is given back to the OS
				found in early windows versions
		preemptive	multitasking
			the os is in control of the computer at all times
				the running process can be replaced with another process at any time based on a system interrupt, a higher-priority task requiring the CPU, or the time-slice timer expiring
				The OS has control over how much of the computer's resource are allocated to each program
				Computers must use more of their CPI and memory to support the OS, but the behavior of the computer is more predictable
				The user can play music while working in documents and Web browsers





Single-User versus Multuser Operating System
	A single-user operating system allows only one user at a time to interact with the OS user interface, start processes, make system 
	changes, and interact directly with the file system.
		Windows 10 an earlier windows client version are arguable


A general purpose operating system is designed to provide a convenient user interface and run applications ina  home or business environement with reasonable performance
A real-time operating system (RTOS) is designed to process inputs and produce outputs in a specific and repeatable amount of time
	Real-time systems perform tasks like controlling assembly-line robotic systems, controlling FedEx sorting facilities, managing the electrical grid, etc.
	Components of real-time systems are called deterministic because ti is possible to determine the worst-case response times under a given set of conditions







# 1-28-2026
- Network Interface Card
	- add-on card that is pluged into a motherboard expansion slot and provides a connection between the computer and the network. Most computers have a NIC built into the motherboard, so an additional card is not necessary.
- Network software transforms a standalone OS into a network OS.
	- It is the software that allows a word-processing program to open a document on a server and knows how to request a Web page or send an email.
	- It is also the software that communicates between the OS and network hardware.

- Network Software can be divided into the following categories:
	- Network clients and servers
	- Protocols
	- NIC device driver

- Steps of Network Communications
	1. An application tries to access a network resource by attempting to send a message to it.
	2. Network client software detects the attempt to access the network. Client software formats the message generated by the application and passes the message on to the network protocol.
	3. The protocol packages the message in a format suitable for the network and sends it to the NIC driver.
	4. The NIC driver sends the data in the request to the NIC, which converts it into the necessary signals to be transmitted across the network medium.

There are two sides to a communication session
	- A client tries to access network resources
	- A server provides those resources

- Steps on the server side:
	- The NIC on the server receives the signals from the network medium and converts them into message data, which is read by the NIC driver
	- The NIC driver passes the message to the protocol
	- The network protocol determines which server software the message is targeting and passes the message to the designated software. Remember that a computer can have many clients and servers running at the same time. For example, a computer running Windows Server 2016 might be acting both as a mail server and a file server. Each server function requires different server software.
	- The server software receives the message and responds by sending the requested data to the client computer, using the steps outlined previously


- Your company has just expanded from a simple LAN using two switches on one floor of an office building to using another floor.
	- Forty new users will be added to the network. 
		- The users on the new floor of the building will deal with finance and payroll and should be logically separated from the other users.
			- What type of network is required and what device should be used?



- Two or more groups of users and their computers should be logically separated on the network, yet the groups should be able to communicate.
	- For example, in a school, you might want to logically separate the LAN that contains student computers from the LAN that contains faculty computers.
		- Routers provide this logical separation but still allow communication between groups.



- You need to configure two *servers* to use **IPsec** for *secure communication*.
	- You will use an **authentication method** that involves a **public entity.** 
		- What type of **authentication** will you use?
- Either:
	- Kerberos
	- digital certificates
	- preshared key
	- multifactor

# 1/29/2026

A software developer needs to design an application in which multiple parts of the application can be scheduled and executed simultaneously.
	What is each part of an application that can be independently scheduled called?
- Container
- Process
- Task
- Thread