Now we are writing in our notebook and it will be synced across both windows and linux and i wont have to worry about it anymore which is really nice. I won't be able to sync it with my iphone though but why would i need to to be honest. I really don't use my iphone for stuff like that and I just use outlook which handles all of my emails and then if i get an email client that is similar on linux then i can handle my emails on all of my computing devices

now i don't have to worry about how i am going to take notes anymore and i can just express myself in my notebook without disturbing or using paper or wastefulness at all.


Now i have a new note and i  am writing some more stuff and so now i should be seeing that the obsidian on the other side is pulling this change? 

So now I am going to make some more changes to the note and we will see if this transfers over to the linux machine with no fuss now that we have everything set up the way i think we should i have pulls set up i have the workspace.json in the .gitignore i have the remote on https instead of ssh i have all of that shit.


I am actually going to allow myself to play some league of legends. I think tomorrow I am going to try and avoid weed perhaps. Try to sober up a bit. I can do it right? I should at the very least try to avoid bad foods and just try to drink mostly water. I think I need to give my stomach a break from all that I ahve been ptuting it thorugh. I should also go and make sure all of the faucets are running