Is it better to work without any distractions or is it better to play music while i learn to program?
Is it better that I program in the morning or at night?
Is it better that I program while drinking coffee, or while drinking water only?
Is it better that I take a day off of programming, or to do it every day?
Should I switch between QWERTY and DVORAK when programming?

None of these questions are doing anything for us. They do not serve us. We are thinking these things to avoid the text editor. When we can sit down and be honest without ourselves and reflect on why we are avoiding the text editor we can sooner enter it and become the person we dream of becoming. Then perhaps we will stop craving the joy of locking in Viktor mid lane


I think that you should stop using vim motions in things that are not vim. You are setting yourself up for disappointment because nothing other than VIM will be VIM and you are chasing a programming dragon that can never be achieved with the tools you are trying to achieve it with. If you wanna do the vim motion thing, just use vim.


# Feature plan
1. New button should change page to a form to fill out a new `JobApplication`
	- Data needed to be retrieved:
		- `company`
		- `role`
		- `status`
			- This will be of Type `AppStatus`
				- `AppStatus`
					`Applied`
					`Interviewing`
					`Offer`
					- `Rejected`
					- `FollowUp`
		- `dateApplied`
		- `job_url`
		- Notes about Job Application/Hiring process / `notes`
2. I want the header of the program to remain the same, the only things I ant to be changed is that the header text navbar at the top of the page to say Create New Application
3. I want the button that used to be the `New` button on the previous page the `Application List`, I want to changed that button to `Finish` where we will later add the functionality
	- For now, do not worry about applying the functionality for handling finishing the form.
	- Same with the `Back` button, we will handle this functionality next.
4. Follow the general style of the pervious `Application List` page.


# Gather receipts today
- Congratulations:
	- You waited until the last minute to gather the receipts.
	- Now you get to be stressed about it
- It is time to start taking care of these things when we are supposed to instead of waiting until the last minute.
Receipts that I should look for 
- Walmart
- Car repair receipts
- Power receipts
- Any shopping receipts I can find
- Perhaps we could go and try to get the landlord to write a rent receipt?


Total Amount that we need to get to: $4200

Two things that I need to find:
- Car repair receipts
	- might as well send it and hope for the best. I will continue to rely on just a mass amount of receipts and hoping for the best.
	- I will make sure to avoid certain receipts that can be looked at as a little...questionable
- Bonus third thing
	- Should get the Amazon receipts from the Christmas shopping
- That being said
	- It would be good to submit all this stuff to Staples as well.

- Things that I am thinking about right now:
	- We have a few days after we get paid. We get paid on the 29th, and receipts are not due until January 30th at 4:00pm. This gives us a little bit of time to pay a bill perhaps and get it prepared to be taken over there at some point. The real problem is when do we manage to get it over there in time.
		- One solution I can think of involves me staying up until after midnight the night before and then making the bank payment to a bill to make up for lost money that we need to make up for, then I can have it printed off and delivered early that morning before wife goes to work.
	- Then we need to think about collecting the Walmart receipts and getting those added into the spreadsheet, as well as getting their pdfs saved on my local file storage because next:
		- We get to send all this stuff to Staples



- Now that we are done calculating all of the walmart receipts it will be good for us to go ahead and see if we can get the receipts from the Gas bill to see if we can go ahead and add that in as well to be complete.
- it would be good to put the kid's last 4 of their social security number in a database somewhere so i can store that information because i am horrible at keeping track of it at the moment.