Today we are in the hotel and it has been pretty good. Met a man from Sweden randomly and we have a conversation about my children and my family and how I worked at the casino. He went as far as to pay for my breakfast for my family. I am so lucky.

Not able to get onto my cengage to do my homework because they have not generated the URL just yet. However, I am able to move on to programming I think I want to work on something interesting for about 30 minutes. I want to find something that would actually be quite fun. I am not sure if i want to build an AI creator thing of some sort. I guess it would maybe be best to play with some of the tools they already have because that could give me more information on what it is I want to build. Or maybe I could get a game engine going on my Arch linux machine if there are any. I wonder if there is any kind of cross-platform game engine that runs accross windows and linux/mac . I also wonder if I should just make it from scratch, but every time I start to program something in the canvas api i end up not building anything cause i get humbled pretty damn quick. I would work more on my job application tracker but i am behind on version control because I haven't set up git on my wsl environment at home and i am snowed up in the hotel trying to get some programming done of some sort because I cant do homework just yet. So what do you think chat


	"If this doesn't directly translate to hireability, it is dangerous."
Meanwhile, weed + games don't threaten your identity. They're already labeled "non-productive" so there's no risk. Programming feels high-stakes. Fun feels illegal there.

That is not ego -- that's fear wearing a productivity mask