- The sales transaction must be reflected in the database
	- a transaction is any action that reads from or writes to a database, and may consist of the following:
		- A simple SELECT statement to generate a list of table contents.
		- A series of related UPDATE statements to change the values of attributes in various tables.
		- A series of INSERT statements to add rows to one or more tables
		- A combination of SELECT, UPDATE, and INSERT statements.

A transaction is a logical unit of work that must be entirely completed or entirely aborted.
	no intermediate states are acceptable

A multicomponent transaction
	must not be partially completed

updating only the inventory or only the account receivable is not acceptable.


all of the SQL statements in the transaction must be completed successfully

if any of the SQL statements fail
	the entire transaction is rolled back to the original database state that existed before the transaction started


a successful transaction changes the database from one consistent state to another
	a consistent database state is one in which all data integrity constraints are satisfied

to ensure consistency of the database, every transaction must begin with the database in a known consistent state.
		if the database is not in consistent state, the transaction will yield an inconsistent database that violates its integrity and business rules
			for that reason, all transactions are controlled and executed by the DBMS to guarantee database integrity

most real world database transactions are formed by two or more database requests
	a database request is the equivalent of a single SQL statement into an application program or transaction


if a transaction is composed of two UPDATE statements and one INSERT statement
	the transaction uses three database requests
		each database request generates several input/output operations that read or write to physical storage media.
	


not all transactions update the database
	suppose you want to examine the CUSTOMER table to determine the current balance for customer number 10016
	such a transaction can be completed by using the following:

SELECT CUST_NUMBER, CUST_BALANCE
FROM CUSTOMER
WHERE CUST_NUMBER = 10016;

Although the query does not make any changes in the CUSTOMER table, the SQL code represents a transaction because it accesses the database.
    - if the database existed in a consistent state before the access, the database remains in a consistent state after the access because the transaction did not alter the database

Remember that a transaction may consists of a single SQL statement or a collection of related SQL statements


Suppose on January 18, 2022, you register the credit sale of one unit of product: 89-WRE-Q to  customer





Basically the idea is that we want a conistent state in our database and we manage transactions to handle that. Transactions are handled by the DBMS and when you perform a transaction you must make sure to COMMIT at the end so the changes are submitted. That way, if for some reason you lose connection during a transaction, the DBMS will roll the db back to its previous consistent state.

Transactions can affect rows in multiple tables. and all that good stuff

Big note though is that the transaction itself is defined by the end-user or programmer. That means that if you mess up on the logic, it is not the DBMS responsibility to catch these errors, and you need to make sure that your transactions are logically correct and match what is actually happening during the real transaction. That way your database is correct. IT HAS INTEGRITY
 