- [ ] Finish module 5 of operating systems
- [ ] Finish Module 13 of Database Management Systems
- [x] Attend Class at 9:30
- [ ] Attend class at 12:30
- [ ] Prepare for roach spray
- [ ] Place a Walmart order
- [ ] Pay a bill
	- [ ] probably electric



It could honestly be interesting to try out new linux distributions in virtualbox since i am getting so much experience using it. it is kinda cool, and i can find something that I really enjoy using perhaps. I should probably just do all my serious programming on windows though. I don't mind leaving arch on my laptop for now though because I somehow have to figure out how to move it from a MBR to the partition scheme that Windows 11 supports. I cannot remember if its called EFI, NTFS, or what.

I actually really enjoy the keyboard from amazon basics it is really really quiet and smooth feeling when I type. When I was typing on the keychron it almost felt like a plastic scraping when it was hitting the keyboard. This one feels luxurious and I feel like i could type on it for a long time.


# Case Project 5-2: Deciding to Upgrade or Not
Merlinos Mills is a company that produces flours and grains for grocery stores. It owns mills and distribution centers in the Northwestern and Midwestern United States. The headquarters in Bend, Oregon employs more than 400 people, most of whom use computers. Also, the headquarters has 28 servers, all running Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2 Standard Edition. The company employees use Windows 7, Windows 8.1, and Mac OS X El Capitan.

The management of Merlinos Mills wants each department to upgrade to newer OSs. Also, they are very concerned about network security, and they want to install new servers and upgrade their current servers to OS versions that take better advantage of security features. Your role in the process is to work with each department to help ensure that the installations and upgrades smoothly.

The distribution center's Windows 7 users are all certain they need to upgrade to Windows 10 to perform their work. However, the people in the distribution center who are running Windows 8.1 are currently able to use all software, such as office software, customized distribution software, and inventory software that is integrated with the distribution software. They are resisting the upgrade to Windows 10, and the distribution manager asks for your opinion about whether to upgrade these computers. Should they upgrade from Windows 8.1 to Windows 10?

It doesn't matter if they are comfortable because these operating systems and reached End of Life support and they aren't receiving security updates anymore. Any new vulnerability will go unpatched and hackers are going to be looking for these weak points in order to pivot into the larger system. Leaving these operating systems with old versions of Windows is a liability to the company, and we need to at least perform a risk assessment to see if this fits into our risk appetite. There are more advanced security features in Windows 10 as well like a Credential Guard, which uses virtualization-based security which isolates passwords and other "secrets" so that only software with certain privileges can access. 

Now I would recommend doing a Pilot test, try the software on Windows 10, although today we would actually be using Windows 11, but i digress. If none of the software 
