I am not quiitting i am going to keep doing me and im going to get better at doing me. I will play less games and more focused games of league of legends. I will smoke weed less when I need high energy with the exceptions of thursdays which are used for my relaxing and recouperation time that is the day I am allowed to smoke all day. I should focus on doing things in between rounds like cleaning or working on homework. Friday and saturday should be smoke/weed free days and i should try to go without weed until wife gets home on thursday but if i need to smoke sunday morning that is perfectly fine. then monday through wednesday i should try to stick to edibles and not smoke until the evening time because it is a little risky to lose all my energy on those days.

Which of the following best defines a database performance tuning?
	Database performance tuning refers to a set of activities and procedures designed to reduce the response time of the database system.
Which of the following is NOT a factor for better system performance?
	ROM
Which of the following statements is false?
	Static query optimization is a query optimization mode in which the access path to a database is predetermined at run time.
Which of the following statements best defines a rule-based query optimization algorithm?
	A rule-based query optimization algorithm is a query optimization technique that uses preset rules and pints to determine the best approach to execute a query
Which of the following is NOT a valid activity in the parsing phase of a query?
	Generate access plan
Which of the following is not a valid index structure?
	Sparse index
What does the acronym RAID stand for?
	Redundant Array of Independent Disks
Which of the following best defines index-organized table (IOT)?
	IOT is a table that stores end-user data and index data in consecutive locations on permanent storage.

# Incorrect
Which five components typically cause bottlenecks within the database?
	Previous answer:
		RAM, CPU, Hard Disk, Network, and Application Design
			I am thinking it is instead the Application Code option
Which of the following is NOT a valid guideline for creating indexes?
	Previous answer:
		Create indexes for each single attribute used in WHERE, HAVING, ORDER BY, or GROUP BY clause.
			One of the general guidelines for creating and using indexes is to not use indexes in small tables or tables with low sparsity.
			Do not use indexes in large tables or tables with high sparsity.