Today I decided i really need to slow down on the league and try to improve myself after this loss streak. This loss streak proved I really wasn't as good as i thought and am still hardstuck gold-plat for a while until i hit my next improvement streak. this means that i really just need to focus on finishing this semester and working on my projects. I should continue on either the recipe collector, the video game, or the job application tracker. If i could finish all three that would be optimal.

semantic scholar provides links to sources right in the output


- IS AI making us dumber? Maybe. | Charlie Gedeon | TEDxSherbrook Street West
	- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8WomdCLBqE
		- AI has uncovered the fundamental problem with education, and it is that the education system is designed in a way where all emphasis is on getting the correct answer. Instead, AI is revealing that we should instead be focused on the learning process instead.
		- AI can also give a more detailed breakdown of the student's understanding, instead of simply assigning a letter grade with no further explanation.
		- The model of education currently is one teacher to many students, and instead a perfect education system would swap out a teacher for an ai, and have many individual ai's for individual student's. Although the goal is not perfect education in perfect conditions, you want to be able to teach real world scenarios so that engineers do not go into the field trying to build bridges while assuming perfect conditions, because in reality the world is a messy place.
		- education is not learning
			- education is an societal construct
			- learning is a skill
		- ChatGPT gives baseless advice, and you need to delve deeper to get more exact stuff.
		- AI leads to cognitive offloading 
			- "This risk of moving to "autopilot" is an even greater challenge than the more commonly discussed issue of AI hallucinations or factual errors..."
			- "...The more pernicious outcome is that generative AI becomes complicit in intellectual deskilling and the atrophy of human critical thinking faculties."
				- Advait Sarkar - When Copilot Becomes Autopilot
		- What if AI took additional steps before answering, and spitting out the fastest answer?
			- What if it clarified, or assigned homework?
		- Productive resistance
			- Amount of resistance an AI should give you before moving to a simpler AI.