Time to get my life together. no more multiplayer video games. at least no more pvp video games. the only pvp i need is real life.

Current Balance:
	870

competitive homework doing


- [ ] Finish AI Trends essay in chapter 6 of Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
- [x] Clean Out Dryer
- [x] Order and eat lunch
- [x] Clean walls in kitchen
- [x] Mop floor
- [ ] Clean underneath the bed
- [ ] Vacuum up all bug remains
- [ ] Spray for bugs
- [x] Clean up lint and around dryer
- [ ] Give kids a bath
- [x] Clean bubba off
- [ ] Finish Introduction to AI homework
- [ ] Finish Database Homework
- [ ] Finish homework for operating systems
- [ ] Finish homework for cybersecurity.
- [ ] do laundry



I am going to focus i am going to focus i am not going to play pvp game sif i want a fantasy at night i will just play a little single player video game i will not queue league i am happy with my platinum status and hang up my jersey i am happy with that i am good at video games i have proven i need to be good at life i need to prove that i need to get better i need to focus i need to get better i need to focus
start the order onthe phone because it makes stuff easier 

switching to claude over gemini



now the thing is to clean out out the washer and dryer. we should research the best way to clean lint out of the dryer

things are objectively getting better if i just redirect my ranked anxiety into a cleaning anxiety and working on my homework and then getting better all the time things will eventually get better and i will get the space i need and then i can start working out as well


just continue alternating between homework and cleaning until both are complete and then it will be time to escape into a single player universe for a little bit for inspiration on the game i want to make.


nice so things are syncing together nicely with my arch linux setup still i am able to access my notes accross the devices which is really the most important thing. it is unfortunate that it isn't exactly straightforward with the iphone though but this is honestly sufficient i can take my laptop basically anywhere i can take my iphone and am i really going to have that much of an intellectual thought on an iphone screen? probably not.


I think focusing on everything that is multiple choice and skipping the essay questions will help give me velocity and a high level knowledge of the material which i can use to eliminate the problems later on. Weed is giving me a lot of anxiety and is breaking a lot of the progression i was making i should consider avoiding it in the future


imagine we used the laptop as our note taking thing 

here for class was achieved. found this new indie game that is really awesome and inspiring. it is called Wizard of Legend. I find the mechanics of the game to be very satisfying and it is actually surprisingly close to what i wanted to achieve. the idea of a rogue-like is also very interesting to me in genera

rogue like games in general are just really enjoyable because you can pick them up and play for a little bit and then put them down and they are actually still pretty interesting.


I should regularly use information that i learn from my classes and build some shit what the fuck was i doing for all this time.
	it should be important to me

i should look into what i can do for my lower right back pain

water is pretty damn delicious and also maybe i should look into going to the gym tonight since im on such a roll. I really need to get into getting my hair cut after my class is over and my wife is awake. i should also encourage us to eat at home instead of ordering out. that would be really good and productive for us.

really old buildings in new orleans where servers and mainframes were destroyed in the flood when the retention thing broke. perhaps i can even look into actualyl reading my textbooks if i have time leftover from this grind

i will lowkenuinely take the 95 and i will move on.


just keep on keeping on honestly i have a pretty good roll going and i have a shitload of homework to do because i was not keeping up like i was supposed to and i wanted to finish the entire book at least.