<<<<<<< HEAD
There are two primary service tpes of packey
=======
For some reason the internet kicked out so i will take this as a moment to reflect with myself. I played 2 games of league yesterday but that was not the end of my life. There is still a clear goal for me to work towards and that is completing all of my homework for at least one class today and then doing that cleaning i wanted to do. Then I have to work my shift and sleep as much as possible tomorrow. I will make sure the house stays picked up as possible that morning then i will just have to accept my fate and that there is really nothing i can do to change the fact that they are going to be angry and I am going to have to accept that there nothing I can say to fix it and I must endure and look forward weeks from now when we play the 4d chess and move out. Even if they tell us that next month is our last month then that is completely fine because we are already on our way out. Also i will make sure I go ahead and clear out those bottom cabinets so that they have room to work and I will make sure those cabinets are clean as possible vacuumed out even that way the bug guts are unnoticable. 


"The Use of Scenarios in Computer Ethics Studies"



The following vignetts canbe used in an open and frank discussion of computer ethics. Review each scenario carefully and respond to each question usinga form of thfolowing satement, coosing the descriotion you consider most appropriate: I feel liek the acitons of this person were very ethica


1. The scientist's failure to acknowledge the computer programmed was unethical. This is because the computer programmer contributed greatly to proving the scientist's theory, and without their help it may not have come to fruition.

2. The programmer's decision not to point out the design flaws was unethical. It's unethical according to the standard of due care. Even if it is not her prerogative to implement a top of the line system, it is within her moral obligation to establish a working system.

3. The student's action in searching for the loophole was, not ethical or unethical. It really depends on the Acceptable Use Policy of the University and the method by which this student was accessing these records. The student's continuing to access others' records for two weeks was very unethical. This is a clear case of malice with intent. The system administrator's failure to correct the problem sooner was unethical, and was a failure to execute due care.
4. The customers decision to keep the word-processing program was unethical. This is a technical violation of Copyright Law.
5. The programmer's modification of the account system was very unethical. This is a direct violation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX).
6. The programmer's weekend use of the company computer, were unethical. Using company assets to generate personal income without permission is a form of theft, and violates Acceptable Use Policy in most environments.
7.  The students' use of the company computer was, ethical. It is allowed to be used for minimal use if i does not incur additional cost. Doing homework during company time is a violation of contract with their employer.
8. All 3 are unethical and is subject to Copyright Infringement.
9. First 2 are unethical, last one is very unethical. First two are violation of IP, the third the student becomes a distributor which carries heavier legal ramifications.
10. Programmers position was ethical, engineers position were unethical. 
11. Manager was very unethical.
12. All 3 were very unethical
>>>>>>> origin/main