Relative Frequency and Percent Frequency

Definitions:
- The relative frequency of a bin equals the proportion of items belonging to a class


Relative Freq. of a bin = (Freq. of a bin ) / (n)

- The percent frequency of a bin is the relative frequency multiplied by 100.
Percent Freq. of a bin = 100 x Relative Freq. of a bin

A probability distribution characterizes the variability of a random variable

A percent frequency distribution estimates a probability distribution.


1. Select any cell in the Count of Soft Drink Purchase column of the PivotTable (any cell in range B3:B8 in SLIDE 7)
2. From PivotTable Fields task page:
	1. In the Values area, select the triangle



Tableau looks pretty interesting. The thing that was really interesting to me is he mentioned you can hook it up to a website, and it can either extract a copy of that data, or live update that data directly into tableau. The thing that is a mystery is actually how that works on a technical level, I imagine it has to do with accessing some sort of API that connects to a database.

Definitely going to have to lock in and keep working on my homework and start programming it is time to wrap up the league of legends addiction and start working on my future again. I have been a bit depressed because of everything but I think with me working full time and working on my homework I will be busy enough it will make my life have meaning and the extra money will help with stuff. If the wife quitsthat is even better because that gives me more time to sleep and rest and recover more and have more help with the kids. Then I will be able to take advantage of being more independent in a way. The idea is to develop myself and to stop playing league so god damn much i mean jesusfucking christ i can be programming really exciting stuff and i dont do a fucking thing because i would rather drink beer and run it the fuck down fuck you dude.




# Assignment: Install LibreOffice

Downl