```mysql
SELECT
    HouseState, COUNT(*)
FROM
    HOUSE
GROUP BY HouseState;
```


```mysql
SELECT
    HouseBuildYear, COUNT(*)
FROM
    HOUSE
GROUP BY HouseBuildYear;
```

```mysql
SELECT
    HouseState, HouseBuildYear, COUNT(*)
FROM
    HOUSE
GROUP BY HouseBuildYear, HouseState WITH ROLLUP;
```


```mysql
SELECT
    ChannelID, COUNT(*)
FROM
    STAY
GROUP BY ChannelID;
```


```mysql
SELECT
    ChannelID AS Channel,
    MONTH(StayStartDate) AS Month,
    COUNT(*) AS Total
FROM
    STAY
GROUP BY ChannelID , MONTH(StayStartDate) WITH ROLLUP;
```


```mysql
SELECT
    HouseID, MONTH(StayStartDate), COUNT(*)
FROM
    STAY
GROUP BY HouseID, MONTH(StayStartDate) WITH ROLLUP
ORDER BY HouseID, MONTH(StayStartDate);
```


```mysql
SELECT
    GuestID, MONTH(StayStartDate), COUNT(*)
FROM
    STAY
WHERE
    MONTH(StayStartDate ) > 6
GROUP BY GuestID, MONTH(StayStartDate) WITH ROLLUP;
```


```mysql
SELECT 
    GuestID, MONTH(StayStartDate), COUNT(*)
FROM
    STAY
WHERE
    MONTH(StayStartDate ) > 6
GROUP BY GuestID, MONTH(StayStartDate) WITH ROLLUP;
```


```

SELECT

    CAR_MODEL, COUNT(*)

FROM

    CARS

GROUP BY CAR_MODEL;
```


```


SELECT

    CAR_MODEL, CAR_YEAR, COUNT(*)

FROM

    CARS

GROUP BY CAR_YEAR, CAR_MODEL WITH ROLLUP;
```



Programming master, tetris master, SQL master, javascript master, league of legends master, elden ring master, parenting master, cooking master, fortnite master, workout master, weed smoking master, no wonder im overloaded but im thinking what is next


Drivers and their car useage
In the month October
Each driver and allocation occured

DRIVER_ID and CAR_ID with their usage counts as the TOTAL column for the travels occured in the month of OCTOBER


total nmber of ravels by the driveres you need to groupby rollup


Application is due tomorrow
- only cover books, tuition, and fees


```sql
SELECT

    CUS_CODE,

    P_CODE,

    SUM(SALE_UNITS * SALE_PRICE) AS TOTSALES

FROM

    DWSALESFACT

ORDER BY

    CUS_CODE, P_CODE, TOTSALES
```
SELECT

    CUS_CODE,

    P_CODE,

    SUM(SALE_UNITS * SALE_PRICE) AS TOTSALES

FROM

    DWSALESFACT

ORDER BY

    CUS_CODE, P_CODE, TOTSALES



Which statement is not true about a snowflake schema?

- Snowflake schema is a type of star schema in which dimension tables can have their own dimension tables.
    
- In a snowflake schema, the data-filtering operations related to the dimensions are simplified.
    
- Snowflake schema is a type of star schema in which the fact table can have its own dimension tables.
    
- The snowflake schema is usually the result of normalizing dimension tables.
    

Incorrect

2

Incorrect. Snowflake schema is a type of star schema in which the dimension tables can have their own dimension tables. The snowflake schema is usually the result of normalizing dimension tables, which simplifies the data-filtering operations related to the dimensions.


What are the three components of OLAP architecture?

- Graphical user interface, analytical processing logic, and data-processing logic
    
- OLAP application, analytical processing logic, and data-processing logic
    
- Graphical user interface, application processing logic, and data-extracting logic
    
- OLAP application, data-processing logic, and data-extracting logic
    

Incorrect

3

Incorrect. An online analytical processing (OLAP) system has three main architectural components: graphical user interface (GUI), analytical processing logic, and data-processing logic.

Which of the following is NOT a data visualization technique?

- Spatial awareness: use of size and orientation to compare and relate data
    
- Pattern recognition: visually identifying trends, distribution, and relationships
    
- Aesthetics: use of shapes and colors to highlight and contrast data composition and relationships
    
- Geographic: use of geographical mapping
    

Incorrect

1

Incorrect. Data visualization techniques are pattern recognition, spatial awareness, and aesthetics.   