Today I found out that avowed was actually a pretty fun game. maybe more fun than league of legends for now maybe i can stave off that addiction for a little bit. i dont have anyone to play with anyways and i can get inspired by other games in the meantime

- [x] Download Wireshark
- [x] Before opening sandbox, open Task Manager, clicking More Details
	- [x] Note the:
		- [x] CPU usage
			- [ ] CPU usage was unstable in my virtual machine, but often hovered around 4-10% under idle conditions.
		- [x] Memory Usage
			- [x] Memory usage is stead at 70%, 1.4GB of the 2GB I assigned for the virtual machine
- [ ] Open Sandbox
	- [ ] Note the:
		- [ ] CPU Usage
		- [ ] Memory Usage
- [ ] Paste the program I downloaded into the Sandbox, I assume they mean the installer.
- [ ] Answer the following questions:
	- [ ] What program did you install in Sandbox?
	- [ ] How did copying the program to Sandbox affect host resources?
	- [ ] How did running the program in Sandbox affect the host resources?
	- [ ] Did you notice any other effects on the host system while running the program in Sandbox? Why or why not?
	- [ ] What happened to the program when you closed and then opened Sandbox?

- Wireshark was the program that I installed.
- Copying installer to sandbox caused a temporary increase in CPU usage, spiking to ~30%, and around 100 MB increase in memory usage.
- Running the program in Sandbox increased the CPU to ~35%
- The system was laggier than normal
- The program and all associated files disappeared. 