
Cobots
    - Collaborative Cobots
- The autonomous mobile robot (AMR) moves around with advanced sensors and navigation systems to autonomously perform tasks
    - Can reduce labor costs and improve production times.

# What work actually needs to be done?
    - We need to:
        - [x] Order roach bait 
        - [ ] Carpet wash the spots
        - [ ] Start a load of laundry
        - [ ] Make some progress on my app
        - [ ] Calculate how much receipt money we have so far.
            - [ ] Round up receipt
                - [ ] Also should see if car repairs can be tracked on the receipts.
        - [ ] Total up our expenses we have right now
        - [ ] Figure out what we are making for dinner
        - [ ] Put underwear on Amelia and make her potty
        - [ ] Bathe the kids
        - [ ] Read a book
        - [ ] Fix the problem with the Caps lock button with the Omarchy linux
        - [ ] Put cursor application on a hotkey
        - [ ] Put old phone in mailbox

Professor Bagley says that we are saving the trees by not using paper, but perhaps using a computer and digital note taking software is indirectly killing trees as well according to Chaos Theory.
    - This is wrong by the way because chaos theory does not mean that everything is connected therefore anything causes everything else. 
    - Reduced paper does not eliminate deforestation if energy production, mining, or infrastructure expansion still drives land loss.
        - This is according to life cycle analysis and all of the resources that go into creating the infrastructure that makes digital notes possible.

I actually really enjoy having a calendar with all of my classes on them. I also went ahead and put meeting ids on there and everything which makes me feel a lot more secure with it. I don't use any of the Apple applications because I am a windows and linux user so I should probably just stick with Google Calendar. Who really cares if they have my data dude at this point haha. I don't want to handwrite. I don't necessarily want to program my own calendar, and I don't exactly want to use Notion or some random calendar app. Perhaps programming my own in the future would actually be pretty damn useful but you would have to make it into a phone application AND a web application


- Ai is changing how consumers spend money
- Automated finance algorithms are capable of managing tasks such as detecting fraud, processing loans, and even making investment choices
- Banks use AI to protect you from identity theft and other fraudulent activities
    - Use AI to detect your location

- Self-driving tractors and automated harvesting machines are helping to improve efficiency in the farming industry

- Everyone is generating an Instagram future version of themselves.
    - You have to develop the specific vision for yourself.
        - Goals will be linked with the things you do in your own day.


Now that everything is gone and you are left alone with yourself. What will you do? Will you walk away from the computer again? Will you give up on programming? Will you walk away Again. I do need to do that one work with the gathering of the receipts. That is a pretty damn important task that needs to be accomplished. I could go ahead and do all the other tasks that aren't programming first so that it lowers the mental load on my mind right now. 
    - I think that this is actually the optimal way forward that way I can have validation for my wife that I did something with my day since I did not have my video games.


- Gentrol
    - Insect Growth Regulator (IGR)
    - Gentrol Complete EC3
        - Combines insecticide and insect growth regulator for a complete anti-roach


I definitely enjoy the thought of having my tasks and everything contained into Google Calendar. That gives me a central place to do all my task management and that leaves my notes for notes and I don't have to check for my tasks here in my notes and navigate through a whole bunch of junk just to get stuff accomplished.
why not just do my note taking in the github app when im on the go?
it is not like i am writing very detailed notes when i am out and aboutlso
typically it is just little snippets of information that i need to keep for later
this is perfect for that because i am literally directly in the same plaintext that i am modifying on the computer








i definitely enjoy this workflow with my phone because i even have the widget which makes it a lot easier for me to access my notes repo and with it being github the commit button is literally wired to githubs core functionality so its foolproof. 

I shouldnt forget that toy story has a scene that makes bubba kai very upset and it is when they are escaping sid's room

Stop training your brain to expect high-dopamine stimulation before it is earned.

Code editor
Calendar/task list 
Spotify
AI Chat


