# Street Fighter 2 vs Mortal Kombat Argument

This is a short opinioln piece assignent. I expect more than two sentences as an answer but iam no tgoing to make a minimum length to this give good content and you'll get a good grade


zIn my opinion on which is more influential, Street Fighter 2 or Mortal Kombat, my opinion is that Mortal Kombat is the more influential fighting game. I even remember being on the playground saying, "GET OVER HERE!", before I even knew what Mortal Kombat was.  I have only played a few rounds of a Street Fighter game on the Nintendo DS, and I do not remember the title of the game. I have actually played through the story mode of Mortal Kombat X for the Xbox One, and I have played the original Mortal Kombat using some emulator online. As a kid, I also played a lot of a Mortal Kombat game on a GameCube when spending time at a family member's house.
 
From what we learned in class and what I learned online, Street fighter 2 was known to have created the modern fighting game genre, inventing special moves, combos, and a diverse character pool. It also apparently sparked the competitive scene for fighting games, and could be considered the most influential at a fundamental level. So to say that Street Fighter 2 was very influential is a big understatement. However, I think that Mortal Kombat was more prominent in popular culture because of its characters, catchphrases, movies, merchandise, comics, etc. For those reasons I think that Mortal Kombat is the most influential overall.


# Street fighter 2


- Street fighter 2 created the modern fighting game genre
	- invented special move inputs
	- combos
	- diverse characters
- Sparked the arcade boom
- Competitive legacy
- Global influence, especially in japan, europe, and south america

# Mortal Kombat 2
- Big cultural impact
	- for example my experience with saying get over here